if you're looking for some nearby hikes
to do there's a couple I can see just
from my window at home we're looking at
the uo wasach cash national forest and
the first hike is the G hike this Trail
is just under 2 miles and is a moderate
hike they'll gain a lot of elevation in
the beginning but as the hike goes down
the incline gets a little more gradual
at the end of the trail you'll be right
at the G and you can climb up to the top
of it if you want this Trail is very
exposed so you want to do it early in
the morning or later in the day this
hike is to do at Sunset since you'll be
looking West and overlooking the
mountains in Utah Lake another hike you
can do here is Mount tonog which is a
little bit more strenuous this Trail is
just over 14 M long and along the way
you gain 4 and 1/2 th000 ft in elevation
gain but while hiking you'll come across
beautiful wild flowers and some Wildlife
too like mountain goats if you're lucky
although it's a hard hike getting to the
top is very rewarding because you'll get
views of Utah Lake proo Canyon and Lake
this hike is a full day trip but some
people will camp in the mountains to
break it into a multi-day hike